I like I've been saying documentaries
this year are delivering more than the
midwives in the handmaidens tale three
identical strangers in particulars
fantastic because this is one of those
documentaries that hits you with a new
right hook every 30 minutes I personally
think the thing is a combo price and I
highly suggest checking it out before I
completely spoil it for you because this
is a story about these triplets who find
each other when they're like 20 years
old but then when the documentary ends
you start questioning your own reality
by the end of it
let me explain so I highly recommend
watching the documentary but I want to
keep it real with you you can just wiki
this story write all of the clips are
online because it's a real story but the
way that the doc lays that out for you
makes you completely paranoid yet this
guy who goes to college and everyone is
calling him by somebody else's name
because it turns out that he's going to
the exact same school that his twin
brother who he's never met when til last
year these to me and you can just
imagine the reruns of Sister Sister that
would be playing in the back of your
mind but even crazier than that is that
once they make the news there's a third
guy chilling at home who then sees
himself on TV it's like brah like I said
any other story has these three meeting
showing you how they become these many
celebrities on the news and then they
would just drag that story out so it
becomes one of those Doc's that just
gets buried on Netflix but these guys
get hit harder than Drago V Creed with
every new reveal first of all they all
live like 100 miles from each other and
so there could have been a chance
encounter at any point in their lives
but there wasn't well know what not that
price okay
[Applause]
reason for that was because the adoption
agency that they all came from was like
in the center of the area so when all
three parents pull up to the spot like
yo why didn't you tell us that's how
assembly was required for these triplets
and and realized it went back for it and
went back into the same room he opened
the door he saw them it literally took
some random journalists to figure out
that there was a conspiracy going on see
their biological mom was a young single
Jewish woman who gave them up for
adoption but the thing was that this
agency that took these kids knew that
she was struggling with some things and
that would make her the perfect subject
she then was able to give up her three
triplets that they use like mice in and
experiments which first off isn't it
crazy that there's a bunch of couples
out there who really want to adopt kids
but it takes them forever because of the
agency and there's a bunch of kids who
want parents but it takes them forever
because of the agency why are you guys
dragging more than our arm Martin
writing a book turns out that this
agency even more than that is
bamboozling these parents because they
were going to be a part of a test they
were looking at parents who had
different parenting styles or had
different income backgrounds and the
agency also made sure that every family
had an older daughter in the household
they convinced the family that they had
to come in and do some baby Rorschach
tests in order to dissect these kids now
that whole thing is just wild but what
makes it even crazier is that there was
more adopted kids who started finding
their twins that they didn't know they
had on top of that what sucks is that
the study isn't even available for their
for the subjects themselves to even read
like if it was supposed to determine
nature versus nurture the idea of if
your traits are passed down from your
Grandma and Grandpa or if they're formed
by the environment that you're raised in
or if it's a little bit of both none of
that even mattered like imagine IKEA
selling you all the parts you need for
your furniture and then they don't even
give you the instructions these guys
don't even have the results for the
research that ruin their lives the
agency and getting a note
trouble the psychologist completely
vanished and worst of all they don't
even know how many other experiments
were going on or are going on either
hey maybe maybe I'm even one of them
thank you guys for checking out this
video I'm curious know your thoughts
down below in the comment section
definitely an intriguing story like
everyone always talks about
doppelgangers maybe there's somebody out
there who looks exactly like you and and
I also thought it was very interesting
that idea that everyone was noticing the
similarities because that's what they
were focusing on and then you realize
little by little with with the the
triplets you know there's only two left
because one of them committed suicide
and not being able to pick up on that
it's almost like murder right like if
this research was able to pinpoint the
fact that one of them would have had a
mental condition and then they didn't do
anything to stop it man that's like
that's like assisted murder right there
you didn't do anything but just view
that but I'm curious to know you guys
thoughts down below this is a crazy
documentary there's a bunch of other
crazy documentaries that are out there
definitely let me know your thoughts
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll connect you with your
doppelganger